[Rules] Update cache-everything.md (#15703)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/cache-everything.md

    - **Cache eligibility**: Eligible for cache

{{</example>}}

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> This option caches all HTML regardless of the presence of dynamic content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option caches all HTML regardless of the presence of dynamic content. If you use this approach to cache pages containing dynamic content, visitors may receive information not intended for them. To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to check for the presence of a cookie. For more information, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).
```

>  If you use this approach to cache pages containing dynamic content, visitors may receive information not intended for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you use this approach to cache pages that contain dynamic content, it is likely that visitors will get information that is not intended for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you use this approach to cache pages containing dynamic content, visitors may receive information not intended for them.
```

> If you use this approach to cache pages that contain dynamic content, it is quite likely that visitors will get information that is not intended for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this approach to cache pages that contain dynamic content, it is likely that visitors will get information that is not intended for them.
```

> You can add a condition to check the presence of Cookie to avoid caching dynamic content, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to check for the presence of a cookie. For more information, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).
```

> You can add a condition to check the presence of Cookie to avoid caching dynamic content, see [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a condition to check the presence of Cookie to avoid caching dynamic content, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).
```

> To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to check for the presence of a cookie. For more information, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
